get | BrE ɡɛt, AmE ɡɛt | A. transitive verb present participle getting past tense got past participle got US gotten ① (acquire, receive, be given, achieve) 得到 dédào ‹chance, permission, help, custody›; 收到 shōudào ‹letter, signal›; 获得 huòdé ‹loan, mortgage›▸ to get lunch/enough sleep 吃午餐/睡眠充足▸ to get a divorce 离婚▸ to get what one pays for 一分钱一分货▸ London gets a lot of tourists 伦敦的游客很多▸ to get good marks for maths/an A in physics 数学考试取得好成绩/物理考试得A▸ get yourself a good accountant/plumber 给你自己找个好会计/水暖工▸ to get digital channels 收看数字频道▸ the back of the house gets all the sun 屋子的背面阳光充足▸ to get something for nothing 不劳而获 ② (fetch sth) 去取 qù qǔ; (fetch sb) 去带来 qù dàilai▸ to get sb sth, to get sth for sb; 给某人拿来某物▸ can you get the doctor for me? 你能替我去叫医生来吗？▸ I went to get raspberries from the garden 我去园子里采山莓了 ③ (buy) 买 mǎi▸ to get sb sth; 给某人买某物▸ I got this DVD for £2 我买这张数字影碟花了两英镑 ④ (receive, earn) 挣得 zhèngdé ‹pension, wealth›; 赢得 yíngdé ‹fame, power›▸ to get money/a salary 赚钱/挣工资▸ this will get him a bad reputation 这事会败坏他的名声▸ Chelsea got £2,000,000 for him 切尔西俱乐部准许他转会以换取2百万英镑 ⑤ (catch hold of) 抓住 zhuāzhù▸ reach up and get (me) an apple 伸手上去（给我）摘个苹果▸ get him, boy! (command to dog) 小家伙，去抓住他！ ⑥ (start to have) 开始有 kāishǐ yǒu ‹belief, feeling›▸ don't get ideas! 别想入非非的！▸ he's got it bad (for her) informal 他（对她）着迷了▸ to get religion informal 突然变得虔诚 ⑦ (inherit) 继承 jìchéng▸ to get sth from sb; 从某人处继承 ‹money, property› 从某人身上遗传 cóng mǒu rén shēnshang yíchuán ‹trait, physical feature›▸ he gets his musical talent from his mother 他的音乐天赋是母亲遗传给他的 ⑧ (encounter) 能遇见 néng yùjiàn ‹type, phenomenon›▸ you get different kinds of … 你能见到各种各样的…▸ you get snow in summer there 那里夏季会下雪 ⑨ (suffer, experience) 经受 jīngshòu▸ to get a surprise 感到惊讶▸ to get a bang on the head 头上挨了一下▸ to get three years in prison 被判入狱三年▸ you'll really get it this time! informal 你这次麻烦可大了！▸ he got his car stolen 他的汽车被偷了 ⑩ Medicine 患上 huànshang▸ to get a headache/a bad back 头痛/背部有毛病 ⑪ Transport 乘坐 chéngzuò ‹bus, taxi›▸ I got the eight o'clock train 我乘坐的是8点那班火车 ⑫ (subscribe to) 订阅 dìngyuè ‹newspaper, periodical›⑬ (punish) 惩罚 chéngfá; (injure) 伤害 shānghài; (kill) 杀死 shāsǐ▸ we'll get them yet! informal 我们会教训他们的！▸ the sharks must have got him 那些鲨鱼肯定把他弄死了 ⑭ (hear) 听见 tīngjiàn▸ I didn't get your name/what you said informal 我没听清你的名字/你的话▸ get this! he was arrested last night informal 听着！他昨晚被逮捕了▸ get her! slang 听听她！ ⑮ (understand) 明白 míngbai▸ (I've) got it! 明白了！▸ now let me get this right/straight … 现在我来把这个说清楚… ⑯ informal (hit) 击中 jīzhòng▸ the bullet got him in the chest 子弹击中了他的胸部 ⑰ Telecommunications (call by phone) 与…通电话 yǔ… tōng diànhuà▸ get me the police/fire brigade 给我接警察局/消防队▸ to get sb on the phone 和某人通电话 ⑱ informal (affect) «words, music» 感染 gǎnrǎn▸ that tune gets me! 那支曲子打动了我！ ⑲ informal (puzzle) 使困惑 shǐ kùnhuò▸ now you've got me 你把我难住了 ⑳ (prepare) 准备 zhǔnbèi▸ to get sth to eat 弄某食物吃 ㉑ (deal with) 处理 chǔlǐ▸ I'll get it! (phone) 我来接！ (doorbell) 我来开门！ ㉒ informal (hurt) 使疼痛 shǐ téngtòng▸ the pain gets me (right) here 我（就）这儿疼▸ it gets you right there 这使人心生柔情 ㉓ informal (annoy) 使烦恼 shǐ fánnǎo▸ what gets me is … 我感到烦恼的是… ㉔ informal (look at) 瞧 qiáo [用作感叹语，表示鄙视]▸ get him in that hat! 瞧他戴那顶帽子的样子！ ㉕ (put, take) 带…去 dài… qù▸ to get sth to sb; 把某物带给某人▸ could you get this card to my mother? 把这贺卡带给我母亲好吗？▸ to get a child to bed 送孩子上床▸ he's got you where he wants you 他随意摆布你▸ to get sb somewhere/nowhere 使某人有所/毫无进展▸ rudeness won't get you anywhere 动粗不会给你带来任何好处▸ get yourself over here immediately! 马上过来！ mǎshàng guòlai ！▸ to get oneself to the station 到车站 dào chēzhàn ㉖ (cause, organize) 使 shǐ▸ to get sb/sth doing sth; 使某人/某物做某事▸ to get the engine/dishwasher going 让发动机/洗碗机运转起来▸ his remark got me thinking 他的话让我陷入沉思▸ to get sth done; 把某事做完▸ to get sth/sb ready; 把某事物/让某人准备好▸ to get one's shoes repaired/mended 把鞋子送去修补▸ that won't get you promoted 那不会让你得到提升的▸ you'll get yourself thrown out/arrested 你会被赶出去的/被逮捕的 nǐ huì bèi gǎn chuqu de/bèi dàibǔ de ㉗ (persuade, make) to get sb/sth to do sth; 说服…做某事 ‹person› 使…运转 shǐ… yùnzhuǎn ‹machine›▸ can I get you to sign this, please 请在这上面签字好吗▸ to get the car/engine to start 把汽车/引擎发动起来 ㉘ (indicating possession, ownership) to have got sth; 具有某物 jùyǒu mǒu wù▸ have you got many friends here? 你在这里有很多朋友吗？ ㉙ (must) 必须 bìxū▸ to have got to do sth; 必须做某事▸ you've got to realize/admit … 你必须认识到/承认…▸ something has got to be done about it 必须对这个采取措施 B. intransitive verb ① (become) 变得 biàn de▸ she's getting to be a bad influence 她正带来负面影响▸ how do people get like that? 人们怎么变得那样？▸ how lucky/stupid can you get? 你怎么这么幸运/愚蠢啊？▸ to get killed/hurt 被杀死/受伤▸ get with it! informal 当心！▸ he's getting (to be) a big boy now British 他快成大男孩了▸ to get done with sth 做完某事 ② (reach) 到达 dàodá▸ to get somewhere; 到达某处▸ how did that parcel get here? 那个包裹怎么跑到这儿了呢？▸ to get to sleep 入睡 rùshuì ③ (progress to) 达到 dádào▸ I got as far as understanding the title 我只能弄懂题目▸ it got to 9 o'clock 已经9点了▸ algebra is hard, but I'm getting there 代数很难，但我开始入门了▸ I'm getting nowhere/somewhere with this essay 我这篇文章毫无进展/有眉目了▸ to get to the top figurative 达到巅峰▸ to get nowhere fast informal 毫无进展 ④ (begin to) 开始 kāishǐ▸ to get to be sth; 开始成为某事物▸ we soon got to like them 我们很快就喜欢上他们了▸ get moving! 快动手！▸ I got to thinking that … 我开始思考… ⑤ (have opportunity) 有机会 yǒu jīhuì▸ to get to do sth; 有机会做某事 PHRASAL VERBS get about A. intransitive verb ① (manage to move) [有困难地] 走动 zǒudòng▸ she gets about quite well 她腿脚挺利索 ② (be spread) 传开 chuánkāi▸ it has got about that … 据传… B. transitive verb [get about sth] 在…旅行 zài… lǚxíng▸ to get about town 在城里四处观光▸ it has got about the village that … 村里纷纷传说… get across A. intransitive verb present participle getting past tense got past participle got US gotten ① (cross over) 到对面 dào duìmiàn▸ we finally managed to get across to the other side 我们最后还是到达了对面 ② to get across to sb (establish communication with) «person, message» 传达给某人 chuándá gěi mǒu rén▸ he didn't get across to the audience 他没有让听众听明白 B. [get across sth] transitive verb (cross over) 到…的对面 dào… de duìmiàn▸ we got across the busy main road 我们穿过了车水马龙的主干道 C. [get sth across, get across sth] transitive verb (communicate) 把…讲清楚 bǎ… jiǎng qīngchu▸ to get sth across to sb; 把某事对某人讲清楚▸ I can't get it across that … 我无法让大家明白… D. [get sth across] transitive verb (transport) 运送 yùnsòng ‹goods›; 把…送过去 bǎ… sòng guoqu ‹letter›▸ I'll get a copy across to you 我给你送一份副本过去 get after transitive verb [get after sb/sth] 老是数落 lǎoshì shǔluo get ahead intransitive verb 获得成功 huòdé chénggōng▸ to get ahead of sb/sth; 开始领先某人/某物▸ to get ahead of one's competitors 胜过竞争对手▸ let's not get ahead of ourselves 咱们先别直奔主题 get along intransitive verb ① (progress) 进行 jìnxíng▸ how's your project getting along? 你的项目进行得怎么样了？ ② (cope) 对付过去 duìfu guoqu▸ we can get along without a computer 没有电脑我们也能对付 ③ (be on friendly terms) 关系融洽 guānxì róngqià▸ to get along with sb; 和某人相处很好 ④ informal (go) 离开 líkāi▸ we must be getting along now 我们现在得走了▸ get along with you! British (go away) 滚开！ (I don't believe you) 胡说！ get around A. intransitive verb ① = get about A ② (have different experiences) 阅历丰富 yuèlì fēngfù▸ she gets around a lot 她见多识广 ③ (mainly US) = get round A2B. transitive verb ① = get about B ② (mainly US) = get round Dget at transitive verb [get at sb/sth] ① (reach) 够得着 gòudezháo▸ (just) let me get at him! （就）让我来教训他！ ② (access) 接触 jiēchù▸ he can't get at the money until he's 18 他到18岁才能动用这笔钱 ③ (tamper with, spoil) 破坏 pòhuài▸ somebody has got at the computer system 有人弄坏了计算机系统 ④ (ascertain) 查明 chámíng▸ to get at sb's secret/the truth 发现某人的秘密/查明真相 ⑤ informal (intimidate, bribe) 威逼利诱 wēibī lìyòu▸ he's been got at by government officials 他受到政府官员的胁迫 ⑥ British informal (criticize) 挖苦 wāku▸ I hope you didn't think I was getting at you 希望你不会认为我在挖苦你 ⑦ to get at sb to do sth British informal (nag) 缠磨某人做某事 chánmo mǒu rén zuò mǒu shì▸ she's always getting at him to buy her a diamond ring 她总是缠着他给她买钻戒 ⑧ informal (insinuate) 暗示 ànshì▸ what are you getting at? 你是什么意思？ get away intransitive verb ① (escape) 逃走 táozǒu ② (leave) 离开 líkāi▸ I couldn't get away any sooner 我巴不得马上离开▸ get away! (go away) 走开！ (I don't believe you) 别胡说了！ ③ (go further ahead) 甩开 shuǎikāi get away from A. [get away from sb/sth] transitive verb ① (leave behind) 逃离 táolí ‹place, work›; 摆脱 bǎituō ‹pursuer›▸ to get away from it all 躲清净 ② figurative (depart from) 背离 bèilí▸ to get right away from traditional methods 完全违背传统方法 ③ (deny) 否认 fǒurèn▸ there's no getting away from it! 这件事无法否认！ ④ (go further ahead than) 把…甩开 bǎ… shuǎikāi B. [get sb/sth away from sb/sth] transitive verb 把…从…处带走 bǎ… cóng… chù dàizǒu ‹person›; 把…从…处赶走 bǎ… cóng… chù gǎnzǒu ‹animal›; 把…从…处夺走 bǎ… cóng… chù duózǒu ‹object›▸ we couldn't get the knife away from him 我们没法夺下他的刀子▸ we must get him away from her/from her influence 我们必须让他离开她/摆脱她的影响 get away with transitive verb [get away with sth] ① (escape with) 携带…溜走 xiédài… liūzǒu ‹money, haul› ② (escape punishment for) 逃脱…的惩罚 táotuō… de chéngfá; (escape undesirable consequences of) 避免…的不良后果 bìmiǎn… de bùliáng hòuguǒ▸ to get away with murder figurative informal 逍遥法外▸ she can get away with (wearing) bright colours 她穿色彩鲜艳的衣服还可以 ③ (be let off with) 以…被从轻发落 yǐ… bèi cóng qīng fāluò▸ he got away with a £50 fine 他交了50英镑罚款就了事了 get back A. intransitive verb ① (return to place or person) 返回 fǎnhuí▸ to get back to work/the office 回去工作/回到办公室▸ when I get back to them 当我回到他们中间时 ② (return to former state) 恢复 huīfù▸ to get back to normal 恢复正常▸ to get back to sleep 重新入睡▸ when Labour got back (into power) 当工党重新执政时 ③ to get back to sth (return to earlier stage in discussion) 回到先前阶段 huídào xiānqián jiēduàn▸ to get back to your problem, … 再谈谈你的问题，… ④ to get back to sb (contact again) 给某人回电话 gěi mǒu rén huí diànhuà▸ I'll get back to you 我会给你回电话的 ⑤ (move backwards) 退后 tuìhòu▸ get back! 后退！ B. [get sth back, get back sth] transitive verb ① (have returned personally) 带回 dàihuí; (have returned by post etc.) 取回 qǔhuí▸ I went to the ticket office and got my money back 我去售票处退了钱 ② (obtain again) 重新获得 chóngxīn huòdé ‹possessions, qualities›▸ to get back one's strength/old job 恢复体力/原职▸ to get one's own back 报复 bàofù ③ (return to rightful place) 归还 guīhuán▸ to get the book back to the library 还书给图书馆 ④ (put back, replace) 把…放回原处 bǎ… fànghuí yuánchù▸ to get the table back in the corner 把桌子搬回角落 ⑤ (in racket games) 击回 jīhuí▸ he got the ball back (over the net) 他把球（从网上）打了回去 C. [get sb back] transitive verb (escort back) 把…送回 bǎ… sònghuí get back at transitive verb [get back at sb] 报复 bàofù get behind A. intransitive verb ① (fall behind) 落后 luòhòu▸ we tried to keep up with others/the pace/the schedule, but we got behind 我们努力尝试跟上其他人/节奏/进度，但我们落后了 ② (fall into arrears) 拖欠 tuōqiàn▸ to get behind with sth; 拖延某物▸ to get behind with one's work/payments 拖延工作/拖欠款项 B. transitive verb [get behind sth/sb] ① (move behind) 到…的后面 dào… de hòumian▸ to get behind the curtains/the sofa 藏到窗帘/沙发后面 ② (support) 支持 zhīchí▸ the whole family got behind her/the idea 全家都支持她/这个主意 get by A. intransitive verb ① = get past A ② (survive, manage) 勉强维持 miǎnqiǎng wéichí▸ to get by on sth; 靠某物勉强对付▸ to get by on a few pounds 靠几英镑勉强过活▸ to get by with sth; 以某物将就▸ we'll have to get by with what we have in stock 我们将不得不靠库存勉强撑着 ③ (be good enough) 凑合 còuhe▸ his essay isn't very good but it will get by 他的文章不是太好，但还过得去 B. transitive verb [get by sb] ① (pass) 经过 jīngguò ② (escape unnoticed by) 逃过…的注意 táoguo… de zhùyì ‹guard, teacher›get down A. intransitive verb ① (descend, alight) 从…下来 cóng… xiàlai▸ he got down from his horse 他下了马 ② (leave table) 离开餐桌 líkāi cānzhuō▸ may I get down? 我可以离开吗？ ③ (sit down) 坐到地上 zuòdào dì shang; (lie down) 躺到地上 tǎngdào dì shang▸ to get down on one's knees 跪下▸ get down! 趴下！ B. [get sth down, get down sth] transitive verb ① (swallow) 吞下 tūnxia ② (record) 记下 jìxia ‹notes, description› ③ (reduce by elimination) 减少 jiǎnshǎo▸ to get sth down to sth; 使人数/某物减少到某个水平▸ we got the shortlist down to three 我们把入围名单上的人数压缩到3人▸ we got the number of participants down 我们减少了参与者的人数 C. [get sth/sb down, get down sth/sb] transitive verb ① (bring down) 使下来 shǐ xiàlai▸ to get the book/child down 取下书/把孩子抱下来▸ get your trousers down 脱下你的裤子 ② (reduce by bargaining) 压低 yādī▸ to get sb/the price down 让某人降价/把价格压下来 D. [get sb down] transitive verb (depress) 使沮丧 shǐ jǔsàng▸ the weather's getting her down 这天气使她感到压抑 E. [get down sth] transitive verb (descend) 从…下来 cóng… xiàlai▸ to get down the stairs/mountain 下楼/下山 get down to transitive verb [get down to sth] ① (descend to) 下降到 xiàjiàng dào▸ to get down to the pupils' level figurative 降到小学生的水平 ② (attend to) 着手处理 zhuóshǒu chǔlǐ▸ to get down to doing sth; 着手做某事▸ to get down to work/business 开始工作/干正事 get in A. intransitive verb ① (arrive at destination) «bus, plane» 到达 dàodá ② (enter, penetrate) 进入 jìnrù▸ let the air get in 让空气透进来 ③ (reach home) 到住所 dào zhùsuǒ▸ I get in at 6 o' clock 我6点到家 ④ (be elected) «candidate, party» 当选 dāngxuǎn ⑤ (be admitted) «candidate, student» 被录取 bèi lùqǔ B. [get in sth] transitive verb ① (enter, penetrate) 进入 jìnrù▸ the dust got in my eyes 灰尘眯了我的眼睛▸ how do you get in the museum? 你是怎样进入博物馆的？ ② (fit in) 塞进 sāijìn▸ that car will never get in that space 那辆车无论如何都进不去那空位 ③ (develop) 开始有 kāishǐ yǒu ‹mood, habit›▸ to get in a temper/panic 发脾气/陷入恐慌 C. [get sth in, get in sth] transitive verb ① (bring in) 把…拿进来 bǎ… ná jinlai▸ it's raining — get the tables/washing in 下雨了，把桌子搬进来/衣服收进来 ② (fit into space) 能把…塞进去 néng bǎ… sāi jinqu▸ to get the drawer in 把抽屉推进去▸ can you get these shoes in your suitcase? 能否把鞋子塞进你的手提包内？ ③ (deliver, hand in) 设法交出 shèfǎ jiāochū▸ did you get your essay in on time? 你按时交论文了吗？ ④ (include in article, schedule) 设法增加 shèfǎ zēngjiā▸ he got in a reference to his new book 他给自己的新书添加了参考书目▸ to try to get in a little tennis 争取打打网球▸ I got mine in first US informal 我先下手报复 ⑤ (buy in) 购进 gòujìn ⑥ Farming (collect) 收割 shōugē ‹harvest, crops› ⑦ (interpolate) 争取发言说 zhēngqǔ fāyán shuō▸ to get a word in 插话 ⑧ (plant) 种植 zhòngzhí D. [get sb in] transitive verb ① (summon) 请来 qǐng lái ‹police, doctor› ② (ensure admission of) 使进入 shǐ jìnrù▸ this card will get you in (to club) 凭此卡即可进去▸ three As should be enough to get her in (to school, university) 她得了三个A，应该够录取条件 ③ Politics 使当选 shǐ dāngxuǎn▸ you must vote to get our candidate in 你必须投票让我们的候选人当选 get in on: transitive verb ① [get in on sth] 参加 cānjiā▸ to get in on the act informal [为了捞到好处] 插一手 ② to get sb in on sth; 使某人参与 shǐ mǒu rén cānyù▸ can you get me in on the deal? 你能让我参加这次交易吗？ get into A. [get into sth] transitive verb ① (enter) 进入 jìnrù▸ water had got into the back of the cupboard 水渗进了橱柜后面▸ what's got into her? figurative 她是怎么回事？ ② (fit into) 能塞进 néng sāijìn▸ the sofa wouldn't get into the alcove 沙发放不进壁凹 ③ (be able to put on) 穿上 chuānshang ‹item of clothing› ④ (be admitted to) 加入 jiārù ‹club, team›; 进入 jìnrù ‹school, university› ⑤ (develop) 开始有 kāishǐ yǒu ‹mood›; 养成 yǎngchéng ‹habit›▸ to get into a temper/panic/bad habit 发脾气/陷入恐慌/染上恶习 ⑥ (get involved in) 被牵扯进 bèi qiānchě jìn▸ to get into debt/trouble 负债/惹上麻烦 ⑦ (get interested in) 喜欢上 xǐhuan shang ‹subject, pursuit› ⑧ (get accustomed to) 熟悉 shúxī▸ to get into the way of doing sth 养成做某事的习惯▸ he got into mountaineering informal 他喜欢上了登山运动 ⑨ Transport 到达 dàodá ‹station, airport, city› ⑩ (reach number) 数量是 shùliàng shì▸ to get into the hundreds 数以百计 B. [get sb into sth] transitive verb ① (cause to enter, ensure admission of) 使…进入 shǐ… jìnrù▸ she got me into the club 她介绍我进了俱乐部▸ the Hispanic vote got him into Congress 拉丁裔选民的选票使他当选进入国会 ② (make develop) 使…处于 shǐ… chǔyú▸ to get sb into a good mood or humour 让某人的情绪好起来 ③ (make accustomed) 使…习惯于 shǐ… xíguàn yú▸ to get sb into the way of doing sth 使某人养成做某事的习惯 ④ (involve in) 使…陷入 shǐ… xiànrù▸ I'll get you into trouble with your dad 我会让你爸爸管你的▸ her boyfriend has got her into trouble euphemistic 她的男友把她肚子搞大了 C. [get sb/sth into sth] transitive verb (make fit into space) 把…塞进 bǎ… sāijìn▸ to get the package into the postbox 把包裹塞进邮筒▸ to get sb/sth into the picture 把某人/某物拍进照片▸ to get her into her uniform 给她穿上制服 get in with transitive verb [get in with sb] ① (gain favour with) 讨好 tǎohǎo ② (associate with) 结交 jiéjiāo get off A. intransitive verb ① (alight from vehicle) 下车 xiàchē▸ you need to get off at the next stop 你要在下一站下车▸ to tell sb where he/she can get off or where to get off figurative informal 叫某人别管闲事 ② (descend) 下来 xiàlai▸ get off of that wall! 快从那墙上下来！ ③ (start on journey) 出发 chūfā▸ I aim to get off by seven o'clock 我打算7点前出发▸ to get off to a good/poor start figurative 有良好的/糟糕的开端 ④ (leave work) 下班 xiàbān▸ can you get off tomorrow? 你明天能不上班吗？ ⑤ informal (escape punishment) 免受处罚 miǎn shòu chǔfá; (escape suffering) 免受罪 miǎn shòuzuì▸ to get off with a reprimand 只是受到一番训斥就没事了▸ he got off with just a scratch to his arm 他只是手臂上擦破了一点皮 ⑥ British (fall asleep) 入睡 rùshuì▸ to get off to sleep 入睡 rùshuì ⑦ to get off with sb British informal (start romantic relationship) 与某人谈恋爱 (start sexual relationship) 与某人发生关系 yǔ mǒu rén fāshēng guānxì▸ John and Anne got off with each other 约翰和安妮好上了 ⑧ (let go) 放开 fàngkāi▸ get off! 别碰！ ⑨ to get off on sth/doing sth informal (get excited or aroused by) 对某事物/做某事感到兴奋 duì mǒu shìwù/zuò mǒu shì gǎndào xīngfèn▸ she gets off on leading men on 她以吊男人的胃口为乐 B. [get off sth] transitive verb ① (descend from) 从…上下来 cóng… shang xiàlai▸ the cat got off my lap 猫从我腿上跳了下去 ② (alight from vehicle) 下车 xiàchē ③ (remove oneself from) 离开 líkāi▸ get off the floor! 从地板上起来！▸ get off my foot! informal 别踩我的脚！▸ to get off sb's back figurative 不去纠缠某人 ④ (depart from on purpose) 避开 bìkāi ‹subject›; (depart from accidentally) 偏离 piānlí ‹subject›▸ we've rather got off religion 我们还是避开了宗教这个话题 ⑤ to get off doing sth (avoid) 逃避做某事 táobì zuò mǒu shì▸ she got off without paying 她没付钱溜了 tā méi fù qián liū le▸ to get off doing homework/the washing up 逃避做作业/洗碗 táobì zuò zuòyè/xǐwǎn ⑥ (wean oneself off) 逐渐解除 zhújiàn jiěchú ‹drugs, heroin›C. [get off sb] transitive verb (let go of) 放开 fàngkāi▸ get off me! 别碰我！ D. [get sth off] transitive verb ① (take off) 脱下 tuōxia ‹garment, shoes›; 取下 qǔxia ‹top, tyre›▸ she can't get the ring off her finger 她摘不掉手指上的戒指 ② (clean away) 除掉 chúdiào▸ to get the mud/dirt off 除掉泥斑/灰尘▸ to get the stain off the carpet 除掉地毯上的污渍 ③ (bring down) 使下来 shǐ xiàlai▸ he got the bottle off the top shelf 他把瓶子从顶层搁板上拿了下来 ④ (take away) 移开 yíkāi▸ get your hands off! 别碰！▸ get your hands off my girl/husband! 不许碰我的女友/丈夫！ ⑤ (have as free time) 休息 xiūxi▸ to get a day/week off 休假一天/一周▸ to get an hour off work 工作时歇一小时 ⑥ to get sth off sb (receive, take) 从某人处得到某物 cóng mǒu rén chù dédào mǒu wù▸ get his gun off him first 先下了他的枪 xiān xiàle tā de qiāng ⑦ to get sth off sb (inherit) 从某人处经遗传获得某物 cóng mǒu rén chù jīng yíchuán huòdé mǒu wù▸ he gets his placidity off his mother 他的温和性情是他母亲遗传的 E. [get sth/sb off] transitive verb (dispatch) 寄出 jìchū ‹letter, parcel›; 打发走 dǎfazǒu ‹person›▸ to get sb off to work/school 打发某人上班/上学 F. [get sb off] transitive verb ① to get sb off sth (force to leave) 迫使某人离开某处 pòshǐ mǒu rén líkāi mǒu chù▸ we tried to get them off our land 我们试图把他们从我们的土地上赶走 ② to get sb off sth (cause to stop discussing) 使某人停止谈论某事物 shǐ mǒu rén tíngzhǐ tánlùn mǒu shìwù▸ you can't get him off the subject of cars 一谈到汽车，你就没法让他停下来 ③ (send to sleep) 使入睡 shǐ rùshuì▸ to get a child off to sleep 让孩子入睡 ④ (cause acquittal of) 使免受处罚 shǐ miǎn shòu chǔfá▸ to get sb off with a fine 对某人罚款之后就了事 ⑤ to get sb off sth (wean from) 使某人戒掉 ‹drug› 使某人戒除 shǐ mǒu rén jièchú ‹habit›G. to get oneself off reflexive verb 准备离开 zhǔnbèi líkāi▸ I have to get myself off to work 我必须去上班了 wǒ bìxū qù shàngbān le get on A. intransitive verb ① (board a bus, train) 乘坐上交通工具 chéngzuò shang jiāotōng gōngjù▸ I got on at the last station 我是上一站上车的 ② (become late) 晚了 wǎn le▸ to be getting on; 时间不早了▸ it's getting on for teatime/towards bedtime 快到茶点/睡觉时间了 ③ (progress) 进展 jìnzhǎn▸ how's Jo getting on these days? 乔最近怎么样？▸ how are you getting on with the project? 你的项目进展如何？ ④ (be successful) 成功 chénggōng▸ to get on in life 飞黄腾达 ⑤ informal (grow old) 年龄增长 niánlíng zēngzhǎng▸ to be getting on; 年龄越来越大▸ he's getting on for 40 他将近40岁了 ⑥ to get on with sb (be on good terms with) 与某人和睦相处 yǔ mǒu rén hémù xiāngchǔ▸ he's very difficult to get on with 他这人很难相处 tā zhè rén hěn nán xiāngchǔ ⑦ (continue) to get on with sth (continue after interruption) 继续某事 jìxù mǒu shì▸ get on with your work 继续干你的工作 jìxù gàn nǐ de gōngzuò▸ to get on to the next item 进入下一项 jìnrù xià yī xiàng B. [get on sth] transitive verb ① (go aboard) 乘坐上 chéngzuò shang▸ to get on the bus/plane/ship 乘上公共汽车/飞机/轮船 ② (climb on to) 爬上 páshang▸ we got on the roof 我们爬了上屋顶 ③ (be appointed to) 入选 rùxuǎn▸ to get on the board of governors/county council 进入董事会/郡政务委员会 C. [get sth on, get on sth] transitive verb ① (put on) 穿戴上 chuāndài shang ‹clothes, hat, shoes› ② to get sth on sth (fit) 安上某物 ānshang mǒu wù▸ to get the lid on the jam jar 盖上果酱罐的盖子 D. transitive verb ▸ to get sth on sb (obtain information) 从某处取得关于某人的资料 cóng mǒu chù qǔdé guānyú mǒu rén de zīliào E. getting on for preposition British 接近 jiējìn▸ she didn't arrive till getting on for eight 她快8点时才到 get on to A. [get on to sth/sb] transitive verb ① (go aboard) 乘上 chéngshang ‹bus, train, plane› ② (climb on to) 爬上 páshang ‹hill›; 骑上 qíshang ‹bicycle, horse› ③ (start to discuss) 开始谈论 kāishǐ tánlùn ‹subject, topic› ④ (discover) 觉察 juéchá▸ the police got on to him at once 警察立刻识破了他 ⑤ (contact) 与…联系 yǔ… liánxì▸ to get on to the authorities/gas company 和官方/煤气公司取得联系 ⑥ (be appointed to) 入选 rùxuǎn ‹board, governing body›B. [get sb on to sth] transitive verb ① (cause to discuss) 使开始讨论 shǐ kāishǐ tǎolùn▸ don't get him on to morality! 别让他谈论道德！ ② (ensure appointment to) 使入选 shǐ rùxuǎn▸ he got her on to the committee 他让她进入了委员会 C. [get sb/sth on to sth] transitive verb ① (make climb on to) 使登上 shǐ dēngshang ② (put aboard) 使乘坐上/把…放上 shǐ chéngzuò shang/bǎ… fàngshang▸ he got his luggage on to the bus 他把行李搬上巴士 D. [get sb on to sb/sth] transitive verb (send to deal with) 派…去处理 pài… qù chǔlǐ▸ I'll get some more people on to this job 我会增派一些人去做这项工作▸ I'll get my big brother on to you! British informal 我会让我大哥去收拾你的！ get out A. intransitive verb ① (exit) 出去 chūqù▸ he got out through the window 他从窗子爬出去▸ get out! US informal 不会吧！ ② (make social outing) 外出 wàichū▸ you should get out more and make friends 你应该多外出结交朋友 ③ (escape) 逃跑 táopǎo▸ to get out from under sth 摆脱某微妙局势 ④ (alight from car) 下车 xiàchē ⑤ (move elsewhere) 离开 líkāi▸ she's lived there all her life, and can't wait to get out 她在那里生活了一辈子，巴不得马上搬走呢 ⑥ (resign, withdraw) 退出 tuìchū ⑦ (be let out) «prisoner» 获释 huòshì; «worker» 下班 xiàbān ⑧ (leak out) «fact, news» 泄露 xièlòu B. [get sth out, get out sth] transitive verb ① (extract) 拔掉 bádiào ‹tooth, cork›▸ I soon got the truth out of him 我很快就逼他说出了真相 ② (take on loan) 借出 jièchū▸ she's gone to the library to get some books out 她到图书馆借书去了 ③ (erase) 除去 chúqù ‹stain›▸ I can't get the mark out 我弄不掉那个污渍▸ I can't get the idea out of my mind or head 我没法摆脱这个想法 ④ (bring out) 拿出 náchū▸ he likes to get his photos out 他喜欢给人看他的照片▸ he got the money out of his wallet 他从皮夹里拿出了钱 ⑤ (produce) 生产 shēngchǎn ⑥ (utter) 勉强地说 miǎnqiǎng de shuō▸ she couldn't get the words out 她说不出话来 C. [get sb/sth out] transitive verb ① (make go out) 使出去 shǐ chūqu▸ to get the sofa out the window/door informal 把沙发从窗户/门搬出去▸ have you tried to get her out? 你有没有试图把她撵走？▸ get that dog out of here! 把那条狗赶走！ ② (cause to escape) 使逃出 shǐ táochū▸ they planned to get him out of prison 他们打算救他出监狱 ③ (free from detention) 使自由 shǐ zìyóu▸ his lawyer got him out (on bail) 他的律师把他保了出来 ④ (publish) 出版 chūbǎn ⑤ British (solve) 解决 jiějué ‹puzzle, mathematical problem›get out of transitive verb [get out of sth] ① (exit from) 从…中出来 cóng… zhōng chūlai▸ I couldn't get out of the window/door 我没法从窗户钻出去/没法出门 ② (move from) 离开 líkāi▸ get out of my house! 滚出我的房子！▸ get out of here! US informal 胡说！ ③ (escape from) 从…逃出 cóng… táochū▸ a lion has got out of the zoo 一只狮子从动物园里跑出来了 ④ (alight from) 从…下来 cóng… xiàlai▸ to get out of the taxi/car 从计程车/小汽车中出来 ⑤ (withdraw from) 退出 tuìchū▸ to get out of the European Union 退出欧盟 ⑥ (evade, avoid) 逃避 táobì ‹obligation, duty›; 回避 huíbì ‹fact›▸ to get out of doing sth; 回避做某事▸ I accepted the invitation, and now I can't get out of it 我接受了邀请，现在不能食言 ⑦ (no longer do) 戒除 jièchú ‹habit, practice›get over A. intransitive verb 越过 yuèguo B. transitive verb ① [get over sth] (cross) 穿过 chuānguo▸ to get over the river/mountain 过河/翻过山▸ the wall is too high to get over 墙太高，翻不过去 ② [get over sth/sb] (recover from) 从…中恢复过来/与…断绝关系后恢复过来 cóng… zhōng huīfù guolai/yǔ… duànjué guānxì hòu huīfù guolai▸ to get over mumps/a cold 腮腺炎/感冒痊愈▸ she never really got over him 与他分手后，她从未真正恢复过来▸ I can't get over the fact that … 我无法接受的是… C. [get sth over, get over sth] transitive verb (communicate) 讲清楚 jiǎng qīngchu▸ to get sth over to sb; 向某人讲清楚某事▸ he couldn't get his ideas over to his readers 他未能向读者说清楚他的想法 D. transitive verb ① [get sb/sth over] (cause to cross) 使穿过 shǐ chuānguo▸ to get sth/sb over sth; 使某人/某物穿过某物▸ we couldn't get the car over the river/the mountains/the border 我们没法驾车过河/翻山/越过边界▸ get it over the wall 把它从墙上弄过去 ② to get sth over (with) (finish) 结束某事 jiéshù mǒu shì▸ to get exams/an operation over (with) 结束考试/手术 jiéshù kǎoshì/shǒushù ③ to get sb over sth (cause to overcome) 使某人克服某事物 shǐ mǒu rén kèfú mǒu shìwù▸ counselling got her over the trauma 心理咨询抚平了她的精神创伤 ④ [get sb over] (cause to arrive) 让…来 ràng… lái▸ to get a plumber/doctor over 请来水暖工/医生 ⑤ [get sth over] (take, send) 送 sòng▸ get these documents over to Wall Street 把这些文件送到华尔街 E. to get oneself over reflexive verb 使自己到对面 shǐ zìjǐ dàoduìmiàn▸ to get oneself over sth; 使自己到某物对面 shǐ zìjǐ dàomǒu wùduìmiàn▸ we got ourselves safely over the river 我们安全地渡过了河▸ she jumped at it and got herself over 她从那上面一跃而过 get past A. intransitive verb 通过 tōngguò▸ let the convoy get past 让车队通过 B. [get past sb/sth] transitive verb ① (pass) 通过 tōngguò▸ it won't get past the censors 它通不过审查的 ② (go further than) 超过 chāoguò▸ to get past the semi-finals 闯过半决赛 C. [get sth past] transitive verb (take past) 带…通过 dài… tōngguò▸ we can't get the car past 我们没法把汽车开过去▸ to get sth past sb/sth; 带某物通过某处/某人▸ to get the wine past customs 带葡萄酒通过海关 get round A. intransitive verb ① (get past obstacle) 绕过 ràoguo▸ we can't get round 我们绕不过去 ② (come, go) 去 qù▸ get round to the hospital straight away 马上去医院 B. [get round sth] transitive verb ① (move round) 围绕 wéirào▸ he got round the corner 他绕过了拐角 ② (move about in or between) 在…周围到处走动 zài… zhōuwéi dàochù zǒudòng▸ she got round the shops in half an hour 她花半小时转了转商店 ③ figurative (circumvent) 逃避 táobì ‹regulations, system› ④ (spread through) 传遍 chuánbiàn▸ it has got round the village that … 村里的人纷纷传说… C. [get round sb] transitive verb (persuade) 说服 shuōfú D. [get sth round] transitive verb (bring or send round) 把…送到 bǎ… sòngdào▸ to get sth round to sb/sth; 把某物送给某人/送到某处▸ I'll get the boxes round to you 我会把那些盒子给你送去 E. [get sb round] transitive verb (persuade) 说服 shuōfú▸ to get sb round to sth; 就某事说服某人▸ I'll soon get him round to my way of thinking 我很快就会说服他同意我的想法的 get round to: transitive verb ▸ to get round to doing sth; 抽时间做某事 chōu shíjiān zuò mǒu shì▸ he finally got round to writing the article 他最终抽出时间写这篇文章 get through A. intransitive verb ① (pass through) 通过 tōngguò ② (transmit message) 传送到 chuánsòng dào▸ the news never got through 这消息从未传到过▸ he can't get through to his staff 他无法和他的员工沟通 ③ Telecommunications [用电话] 接通 jiētōng▸ to get through to sth/sb; 接通某处/某人的电话▸ I can't get through to Oxford 我没法打通牛津的电话 ④ (make way through successfully) 顺利通过 shùnlì tōngguò▸ the team got through to the finals 这个队进入了决赛▸ do you think the regiment will get through? 你认为这个团能顺利通过吗？ ⑤ (survive) 熬过 áoguo▸ we got through thanks to … 由于…我们挺过来了 B. [get through sth] transitive verb ① (pass through) 通过 tōngguò ‹window, jungle, traffic›▸ the sofa won't get through the front door 沙发进不了前门 ② (reach the end of) 完成 wánchéng▸ to get through the work/applications 处理完工作/申请表 ③ Politics, Law 在…获得通过 zài… huòdé tōngguò▸ the bill hasn't got through Congress yet 此议案尚未在国会通过 ④ (survive) 挺过 tǐngguo▸ it was difficult to get through that time/the winter 那段时间/那个冬天很难熬 ⑤ (make way through successfully) 通过 tōngguò ‹exams, customs› ⑥ informal (consume, use) 消耗完 xiāohào wán▸ he got through all the money/a pair of shoes 他花光了所有的钱/穿坏了一双鞋 C. [get sth/sb through] transitive verb ① (squeeze through) 使穿过 shǐ chuānguo▸ to get the thread through the hole 把线从孔里穿过▸ the guide will get the unit through 向导将带领分队通过 ② (transmit successfully) 把…传送到 bǎ… chuánsòng dào▸ they got the signal through 他们把信号发过去了▸ can you get this message through to him/headquarters? 你能把这条信息发给他/总部吗？ ③ Telecommunications 接通…的电话 jiētōng… de diànhuà▸ get me through to Paris at once 马上给我接通巴黎的电话 ④ (communicate) 清楚传达 qīngchu chuándá▸ I can't get the idea through to him 我没法让他明白这个意思 ⑤ (help to pass or make way through) 帮助…通过 bāngzhù… tōngguò▸ the horses got the cart through the mud 几匹马拉着马车通过泥地▸ the coaching staff got their team through to the semi-final 全体教练帮助他们的队进入了半决赛 ⑥ (help to endure or overcome) 帮助…熬过 bāngzhù… áoguo▸ counselling helped get him through 心理咨询帮助他挺了过去▸ card games got us through the long wait/afternoon 我们靠打纸牌打发掉了漫长的等待/下午 ⑦ Politics, Law 使获得通过 shǐ huòdé tōngguò▸ the government struggled to get its bill through 政府艰难地要使议案得到通过 get to transitive verb [get to sb] informal 使厌烦 shǐ yànfán▸ her constant chatter really gets to me 她不停地唠叨，烦死我了 get together A. intransitive verb ① (meet socially) 聚会 jùhuì▸ to get together with sb; 和某人约会 hé mǒu rén yuēhuì ② informal (become romantically involved) Jack and Jill have got together 杰克和吉尔恋爱了 ③ (unite, join forces) 联合起来 liánhé qilai▸ to get together with sb; 联合某人▸ why don't we get together to buy her a present? 我们为什么不凑份子给她买个礼物呢？ B. transitive verb [get sth/sb together, get together sth/sb] ① (accumulate, collect) 收集 shōují▸ to get enough money together 凑够钱▸ to get one's thoughts together 认真思考 ② (assemble from parts) 组织 zǔzhī▸ they got a rock band together 他们组建了一支摇滚乐队▸ to get one's act together figurative informal 集中精力▸ to get it together informal (get organized) 有条理 informal (succeed) 成功 chénggōng ③ (assemble socially) 安排…会面 ānpái… huìmiàn▸ they got together all their favourite people 他们请来了所有他们最喜欢的人 C. to get oneself together reflexive verb (organize oneself) 控制自己 kòngzhì zìjǐ; (compose oneself) 稳定情绪 wěndìng qíngxù get under A. intransitive verb (go underneath) 到下面 dào xiàmian; (fit underneath) 放在下面 fàng zài xiàmian▸ you get under while I hold the wire up 我掀着铁丝网，你从底下钻过去 B. [get under sth] transitive verb (go underneath) 到…下面 dào… xiàmian; (fit underneath) 放在…下面 fàng zài… xiàmian▸ can you get under the fence? 你可以到围栏下面吗﹖ C. [get sth under sth] transitive verb 把…放到下面 bǎ… fàng dào xiàmian▸ to get the box under the bed 把盒子塞到床下 get up A. intransitive verb ① (get out of bed) 起床 qǐchuáng▸ I got up early 我很早就起了床 ② (rise to one's feet) 站起 zhànqǐ ③ to get up on sth (mount) 登上某物 dēngshang mǒu wù▸ she got up on her horse 她跳上了她的马 tā tiàoshangle tā de mǎ ④ (become strong or agitated) 增强 zēngqiáng▸ a wind/the sea was getting up 起风了/海上起浪了 B. [get up sth] transitive verb ① (ascend) 爬上 páshang▸ the old car just got up the steep incline 那辆破旧的车刚刚爬上了陡坡 ② (penetrate) 上行进入 shàngxíng jìnrù▸ water got up my nose 水冲进了我的鼻子 ③ (increase) 提高 tígāo▸ to get up speed or steam 加速 C. [get sb up] transitive verb ① (get out of bed) 叫…起床 jiào… qǐchuáng▸ the nurse made sure to get the patient up 护士保证会叫病人起床的 ② (make rise to feet) 使站起 shǐ zhànqǐ▸ the doorbell got her up from her chair 她听到门铃就从椅子上站了起来 ③ (make go up) 使上去 shǐ shàngqu▸ we got her up on the horse 我们扶她上了马▸ to get the car up the hill 把汽车推上山坡 ④ (dress up) 打扮 dǎban▸ her mother got her up as a fairy 她母亲把她打扮成仙子 D. [get sth up] transitive verb (raise on end) 使竖起 shǐ shùqǐ▸ it gets the hairs up on the back of my neck 这令我毛骨悚然▸ to get it up slang 勃起▸ get 'em up! informal 举起手来！ E. [get sth up, get up sth] transitive verb (organize) 组织 zǔzhī▸ to get up a petition/speech 发起请愿/构思演讲▸ to get up a crowd of protestors 组织一群抗议者 F. to get oneself up reflexive verb (dress up) 打扮 dǎban get up to transitive verb [get up to sth] ① (reach) 到达 dàodá ‹stage, point›▸ I've got up to page 17 我看到第17页了 ② (do) 忙于 mángyú▸ to get up to mischief 调皮捣蛋▸ what did you get up to today? 你今天折腾什么了？ 