put | BrE pʊt, AmE pʊt | A. transitive verb present participle putting past tense, past participle put ① (place) 安置 ānzhì ‹person›; 放 fàng ‹object, feet›▸ to put sth in/on/under/around sth 把某物放到某物里/上/下/周围▸ he put his arm around her/her waist 他用胳膊搂着她/她的腰▸ to put sth high up/low down 把某物放到高处/下面▸ someone had put a ladder against the wall 有人靠墙放了一把梯子▸ I've put you in the spare room 我把你安排到空余的房间里了▸ to put a ball out (of court) 把球击到场外▸ to put an advertisement/announcement in the paper 在报纸上登广告/声明▸ I wouldn't put it past him/her (to do sth) informal 我看他/她是干得出（某事）的▸ I wouldn't put anything past him/her informal 我看他/她什么事都做得出来▸ to put one's trust/confidence in sb 信任某人/对某人有信心▸ put your faith in the Lord! 皈依主吧！ ② (affix) 安装 ānzhuāng▸ to put a new lock on a door 给一扇门装新锁▸ to put a stamp on a letter 往信上贴邮票▸ to put a button on a shirt 在衬衫上钉纽扣 ③ (cause to be or do) 使处于…状态 shǐ chǔyú… zhuàngtài▸ the doctor put me on a diet 医生让我节食▸ my brother put me on the train 哥哥把我送上了火车▸ to put sth into service/in order 把某物投入使用/整理好▸ to put sb in an awkward or difficult position 让某人为难▸ to put sb in a good/bad mood 让某人心情好/差▸ she put her hair in a ponytail 她扎起了马尾辫▸ to put sb over/under sb Business 让某人当某人的上司/下属▸ to put sb in goal/defence 让某人当守门员/防守▸ to put a clock/watch right 把钟/表拨准▸ to put sth on one side 把某物放在一旁▸ he was put to work in the kitchen 他被派到厨房去干活儿了▸ I do hope we're not putting you to too much trouble 我希望我们没有给你带来太多麻烦 ④ (cause to have) 产生 chǎnshēng ‹gloss›; 留下 liúxia ‹edge, hole›▸ to put a shine on sth 使某物有光泽▸ to put a dent in sth 在某物上弄出凹痕▸ the fresh air put some colour into his cheeks 新鲜空气让他面颊有了血色 ⑤ (rate) 给…评级 gěi… píngjí▸ I put him among the great composers 我认为他是一位伟大的作曲家▸ to put sb/sth before or above sb/sth 把某人/某事物看得比某人/某事物重要▸ to put children/safety first 优先考虑孩子们/把安全放在首位 ⑥ (express) 表达 biǎodá ‹thoughts, feelings›; 提出 tíchū ‹argument, proposal›▸ as the poet puts it, … 正像诗人所说的那样，…▸ to put it bluntly, … 直截了当地说，…▸ that's one way of putting it 这是一种说法▸ to put sth into …; 用…表达某事物 ‹words, music› 把某物翻译成 bǎ mǒu wù fānyì chéng ‹another language›▸ to put sth in a few words 简述某事▸ how would you put that in Chinese? 这个用汉语怎么说？▸ nicely put! 说得好！ ⑦ (thrust) 塞 sāi ‹object›▸ he put his hands into his pockets 他把手插进了衣袋▸ to put sth through sth; 把某物塞进 ‹letter box›▸ to put sth through the books Finance 以记账方式购买某物▸ to put sth through a test/process 让某物经过检验/工序流程▸ to put sb through sth; (support financially) 供某人上 ‹school, university, college› informal (force) 让某人经受 ràng mǒu rén jīngshòu ‹test, suffering›▸ he put his family through a great deal of trouble 他给家人惹了好多麻烦▸ to put sb through it 让某人受苦▸ to put a bullet in sb/sth 开枪打中某人/某物▸ to put sth behind one 把某事抛到脑后▸ he put his hand up the pipe 他把手放到管子上▸ the guard put him out of the building 保安把他赶出了大楼 ⑧ (devote, invest) 投入 tóurù ‹money, time, energy›▸ he put as much feeling into his voice as he could 他尽可能让自己的声音充满感情▸ to put a lot of oneself into sth 全身心投入某事▸ he puts £150 in a savings account every month 他每月存入储蓄账户150英镑 ⑨ (wager) 赌 dǔ▸ to put ten pounds/a bet on a horse 在一匹马上下10英镑赌注/下赌注 ⑩ (assign) 确定 quèdìng; (attribute) 认定 rèndìng▸ to put a price on sth 为某物定价▸ I don't put any value on it or I put no value on it 我认为这个毫无价值▸ it's difficult to put a date on it 很难确定它的年代▸ to put a limit on sth 限制某事物 ⑪ (impose) 施加 shījiā▸ commentators put some of the blame on Congress 评论家们把一部分过错归咎于国会 ⑫ (add) 增加 zēngjiā ‹money, savings›▸ to put sth towards sth; 为某事凑钱▸ to put money towards a holiday 为休假攒钱▸ to put sth on sth; 将某物增加某数目▸ the Chancellor has put a penny on income tax 财政大臣把所得税提高了1便士▸ to put tax or duty on sth 对某事物征税▸ the experience has put 10 years on him 这次经历让他老了10岁 ⑬ (write) 写出 xiěchū ‹name, initials, punctuation mark›; 画出 huàchū ‹cross, mark›▸ to put one's signature to a document 在文件上签名▸ I couldn't read what she had put 我看不懂她写的字 ⑭ (offer for consideration) 提出…供考虑 tíchū… gōng kǎolǜ ‹argument, proposal›▸ to put sth to sb/sth; 向某人/某机构提出某事▸ to put sth to sb; (express) 给某人说某事 (communicate) 把某事传达给某人 (submit) 向某人提交某物▸ I put it to you that … 我告诉你…▸ to put a plan/one's complaint before sb 向某人提交计划/投诉 ⑮ (estimate) 估计 gūjì▸ to put sth at sth; 估计某物为某数值▸ I'd put its value at around £500 我估计它大约值500英镑▸ I'd put her (age) at about 35 我估计她大约35岁 B. to put oneself reflexive verb present participle putting past tense, past participle put ▸ to put oneself in an awkward/a strong position 把自己弄得很尴尬/使自己处于强势地位 bǎ zìjǐ nòng de hěn gāngà/shǐ zìjǐ chǔyú qiángshì dìwèi▸ put yourself in his position, put yourself in his place, put yourself in his shoes 你设身处地为他想想▸ I didn't know where to put myself informal 我尴尬得手足无措 C. intransitive verb present participle putting past tense, past participle put Nautical 进港 jìn gǎng▸ to put into port 驶入港口 D. noun Sport 推铅球 tuī qiānqiú PHRASAL VERBS put about A. intransitive verb «vessel, sailor, captain» 掉转航向 diàozhuǎn hángxiàng B. transitive verb [put sth about, put about sth] ① Nautical 使…掉转航向 shǐ… diàozhuǎn hángxiàng ‹vessel› ② British (spread) 散布 sànbù ‹rumour, gossip›▸ it's being put about that … 纷纷传说… put across A. transitive verb [put sth across, put across sth] (communicate) 表达 biǎodá ‹idea, concept, point of view›; 传达 chuándá ‹message›B. to put oneself across reflexive verb 表达自己 biǎodá zìjǐ▸ to be good at putting oneself across 善于表达自己 shànyú biǎodá zìjǐ put aside transitive verb [put sth aside, put aside sth] ① (place to one side) 把…放到一边 bǎ… fàngdào yībiān ② (save) 存 cún ‹money›▸ to put something aside for a rainy day 未雨绸缪 ③ (devote) 留出 liúchū ‹time›▸ I put aside half an hour every day to write or for writing my diary 我每天抽出半小时写日记 ④ Business (reserve) 预留 yùliú▸ to put aside sth for sb 为某人保留某物 ⑤ (end) 搁置 gēzhì ‹differences, doubts, problems›put away A. [put sth away, put away sth] transitive verb ① (tidy away) 收起 shōuqǐ ② (save) 存 cún ‹money›▸ she's got a tidy sum put away! 她攒了不少钱！ ③ informal (consume) 大吃 dà chī ‹food›; 猛喝 měng hē ‹drink› ④ Sport informal 踢进 tījìn ‹goal, shot, penalty, conversion›B. [put sb away, put away sb] transitive verb informal (confine) (in prison) 囚禁 qiújìn; (in psychiatric hospital) 收容 shōuróng▸ to put sb away for 10 years/life 把某人关押10年/终身监禁▸ she went a bit queer in the head and had to be put away 她脑子出了点问题，不得不被送进精神病院 put back A. transitive verb [put sth back, put back sth] ① (return, restore) 放回 fànghuí▸ to put sth back on/in/under sth 把某物放回到某物上/里/下▸ to put sth back together again 重新把某物组装好 ② (wind backwards) 往后拨 wǎng hòu bō ‹clock, watch›▸ to put the time back to 3 o'clock 把时间拨回到3点▸ to put the big hand back five minutes 把时针拨后5分钟 ③ (postpone) 推迟 tuīchí ‹event, departure, time›▸ to put sth back to or until … 把某事推迟到…▸ the meeting has been put back to a later date/the 23rd 会议被推迟到以后的某个日期/23号 ④ (delay) 延误 yánwù ‹production, completion›▸ the strike has put deliveries back by two weeks 罢工使得交货时间延误了两周 ⑤ informal (knock back) 猛喝 měng hē ‹drink›B. intransitive verb 返回 fǎnhuí▸ the ship had to put back to port 船不得不返回港口 put by transitive verb [put sth by, put by sth] (mainly British) 积攒 jīzǎn ‹money›▸ he tries to put something by every month 他尽量每月攒一些钱▸ I have a bit put by 我攒了一点钱 put down A. [put sth/sb down, put down sth/sb] transitive verb ① (on ground, surface) 放下 fàngxia▸ it's a great book. I couldn't put it down 这本书太棒了，我爱不释手▸ she put the phone down on me British 她挂掉了我的电话 ② Transport 让…下车 ràng… xiàchē ‹passengers› ③ informal (criticize) 责难 zénàn; (humiliate) 羞辱 xiūrǔ ④ (classify) (mentally) 把…看作 bǎ… kànzuò; (in writing) 把…归类 bǎ… guīlèi▸ to put sb/sth down as sb/sth; 把某人/某事物视作某人/某事物 ⑤ (enter on list) 登记 dēngjì ‹person, name›▸ to put sb/sth down for sth; 为某事给某人/某事物登记▸ you can put me down for £10 请给我登记认捐10英镑▸ they've put their son down for Eton 他们为儿子报名上伊顿公学 B. [put sth down, put down sth] transitive verb ① (write down) 写下 xiěxia▸ can you put it down in writing? 你能把它写下来吗？ ② (suppress) 镇压 zhènyā ‹rebellion, opposition›▸ to put sth down by force 武力镇压某活动 ③ Aviation 驾驶…着陆 jiàshǐ… zhuólù ‹aircraft› ④ (put in storage) 储存 chǔcún ‹wine, cheese, produce› ⑤ Veterinary science 弄死 nòngsǐ ‹animal›▸ to put an animal down humanely 人道地杀死动物 ⑥ Politics 提交 tíjiāo ‹motion› ⑦ (deposit) 预交 yùjiāo ‹money›▸ to put sth down on sth; 为某物交某定金▸ we put all our savings down on a new house 我们拿出全部积蓄付了新房子的定金 ⑧ Transport 让某人下车 ràng mǒu rén xiàchē ‹passengers› ⑨ (charge) 以记账方式购买 yǐ jìzhàng fāngshì gòumǎi ‹article›▸ to put sth down to sth; 把某物的款项记在某处▸ put these shoes down to my account, please 请把鞋子的款项记在我的账上 ⑩ (ascribe) to put sth down to sth; 把某事归因于某事物 bǎ mǒu shì guī yīn yú mǒu shìwù▸ I put the error down to sheer carelessness/negligence 我认为这个错误纯粹是马虎/疏忽造成的▸ to put sth down to experience 吸取某事的经验 xīqǔ mǒu shì de jīngyàn C. intransitive verb «aircraft, pilot» 着陆 zhuólù D. to put oneself down reflexive verb (be self-deprecatory) 自我贬低 zìwǒ biǎndī; (be self-critical) 自责 zìzé put forth transitive verb [put sth forth, put forth sth] (formal or literary) 长出 zhǎngchū ‹leaves, roots›; 伸出 shēnchū ‹arm, hand›put forward A. [put sb/sth forward, put forward sb/sth] transitive verb (propose) 提议 tíyì▸ are you going to put him/your name forward for the post? 你会推荐他/自荐担任此职吗？▸ can I put you forward as a candidate? 我可以提名你做候选人吗？ B. [put sth forward, put forward sth] transitive verb ① (wind forwards) 往前拨 wǎng qián bō ‹clock, watch›▸ to put the big hand forward an hour/to 3 o'clock 把时针拨快1小时/拨到3点 ② (advance in time) 把…提前 bǎ… tíqián ‹event, departure, time›▸ to put sth forward by sth; 将某事提前某量▸ they put the wedding forward (by) a month 他们把婚礼日期提前了一个月▸ to put sth forward to or until sth; 将某事提前到某时间▸ put the meeting forward to the 21st of the month 把会议的日期提前到本月21日 ③ (suggest) 提出 tíchū ‹suggestion, theory›▸ to put sth forward for sth; 为某事提出某事▸ he put forward radical proposals for reforming the electoral system 他提交了有关改革选举制度的激进提案▸ to put forward sth to do sth; 提议某事做某事▸ the authorities have put forward a new plan to combat vandalism 当局提出了一项防止破坏公物行为的新计划 C. to put oneself forward reflexive verb 自荐 zìjiàn▸ to put oneself forward for sth; 为某事物自荐 wèi mǒu shìwù zìjiàn▸ are you going to put yourself forward for the post? 你要自荐担任此职吗？▸ to put oneself forward as sth; 自荐担任某角色 zìjiàn dānrèn mǒu juésè put in A. [put sth in, put in sth] transitive verb ① (add) 加入 jiārù ‹ingredient› ② (install, fit) 安装 ānzhuāng ‹appliance, equipment› ③ (insert) 戴上 dàishang ‹contact lens›; 镶上 xiāngshang ‹false teeth›; (in opening, container) 放入 fàngrù ‹cork, plug› ④ (include) 插入 chārù ‹word, paragraph, punctuation mark›▸ to put in that … 插话说… ⑤ (submit) 提出 tíchū ‹request, resignation›▸ to put in an application for sth 为某事物提交申请▸ to put in a claim for sth 提出对某事物的要求▸ to put in an appearance 露一下面 ⑥ (devote) 付出 fùchū ‹time, effort›▸ to put in time/a lot of work doing sth 花时间/费很大工夫做某事▸ he has put in an honest day's work 他辛苦工作了一整天 ⑦ Finance 投入 tóurù ‹money, resources› ⑧ (in boxing) 击出 jīchū ‹punch›B. [put in sth] transitive verb (interject) 插入 chārù ‹words›▸ to put in a word for sb 为某人说几句话▸ ‘but what about us?’he put in “那我们怎么办？”他插嘴问道 C. [put sb in, put in sb] transitive verb ① Politics (choose) 使…当选 shǐ… dāngxuǎn ‹candidate›; 选举…执政 xuǎnjǔ… zhízhèng ‹party› ② (enter, recommend) 推荐 tuījiàn ‹candidate›▸ to put sb in for sth; 为某事推荐某人/某物▸ to be put in for promotion/a competition 被荐举晋升/参加比赛 ③ (begin to employ) 指派 zhǐpài▸ you need to put a member of staff in as a caretaker 你需要派一名员工代管 ④ (in cricket) 让…先击球 ràng… xiān jīqiú ‹team›▸ to put sb in to bat 让某人先击球 D. to put oneself in reflexive verb ▸ to put oneself in for 报名参加 ‹competition, exam› 报名申请 bàomíng shēnqǐng ‹promotion, award›E. intransitive verb ① (mainly British) (apply) 申请 shēnqǐng▸ to put in for sth; 申请某事▸ are you going to put in for the post/six months' leave? 你要申请这个职位/半年休假吗？ ② Nautical «vessel, crew» 进港 jìn gǎng▸ the ship put in at Lagos for repairs 这艘船停靠在拉各斯港进行维修 put off A. [put sth off, put off sth] transitive verb ① (postpone) 推迟 tuīchí ‹task, appointment, decision›▸ she keeps on putting off going to the dentist 她一直拖着没去看牙医▸ the meeting has been put off until June/after Christmas 会议推迟至6月/圣诞节后召开 ② (switch off) 关 guān ‹light, appliance›; 断 duàn ‹electricity›B. [put sb off, put off sb] transitive verb ① (displease, repel) 使反感 shǐ fǎngǎn▸ the very thought of eating snails puts me off! 一想到吃蜗牛我就恶心！▸ to put sb off sth/sb/off doing sth; 使某人讨厌某事物/某人/做某事▸ the accident put her off driving for life 那次车祸让她一辈子不想开车 ② (allow to get off) (from bus) 让…下车 ràng… xiàchē; (from boat) 让…下船 ràng… xiàchuán ③ (stall, fob off) 取消与…的会面 qǔxiāo yǔ… de huìmiàn▸ she put him off with a vague excuse/promise that … 她含含糊糊地找了个借口/用…的承诺把他打发掉了▸ to be easily put off (discouraged) 容易泄气 (dissuaded) 容易打发 ④ British (distract) 干扰 gānrǎo ‹person, player›▸ to put sb off sth; 扰乱某人做某事▸ any sudden noise will put him off his game 任何突然的声响都会干扰他比赛 C. intransitive verb «ship, crew» 离港 lí gǎng▸ to put off from the quay 离开码头 put on transitive verb [put sth on, put on sth] ① (dress oneself in) 穿 chuān ‹clothes, shoes›; 戴 dài ‹hat, gloves› ② (apply to skin) 涂抹 túmǒ ‹cream, suntan oil, make-up, lipstick› ③ (put in place) 装 zhuāng ‹tyre›; 铺 pū ‹bedclothes› ④ (switch on, operate) 打开 dǎkāi ‹appliance›; 开 kāi ‹light›; 接通 jiētōng ‹electricity›▸ to put the kettle on 把水壶烧上▸ I'll put the dinner on in a minute 我马上做晚饭 ⑤ (play) 播放 bōfàng ‹music, CD, record›▸ to put some jazz/Beethoven on 放一些爵士乐/贝多芬的乐曲 ⑥ (gain) 增加 zēngjiā ‹weight›▸ I put on a few kilos over Christmas 圣诞节期间我重了好几公斤 ⑦ (add, impose) 征收 zhēngshōu ‹excise duty, tax› ⑧ (stage) 上演 shàngyǎn ‹play, film›; 举办 jǔbàn ‹display, exhibition› ⑨ (add to service) 增开 zēngkāi ‹extra train, carriage›; 增设 zēngshè ‹bus service, rail service› ⑩ (make available) 供应 gōngyìng ‹meal, food› ⑪ (wind forwards) 往前拨 wǎng qián bō ‹clock, watch›▸ put the big hand on one hour 把时针拨快一小时 ⑫ (assume, adopt) 装出 zhuāngchū ‹air, expression›put out A. [put sth out, put out sth] transitive verb ① (take outside) 把…放到屋外 bǎ… fàngdào wū wài ‹dustbin, rubbish, milk bottle› ② (make available, arrange) 把…准备好 bǎ… zhǔnbèi hǎo ‹food, towel, clothes›; 摆好 bǎihǎo ‹cards, chess pieces› ③ (extend) 伸出 shēnchū ‹hand, arm, foot, leg›▸ to put out one's tongue 伸出舌苔让医生检查 ④ (in tennis, badminton) 把…击出场外 bǎ… jīchū chǎngwài; (in basketball) 把…投出场外 bǎ… tóuchū chǎngwài; (in football) 把…踢出场外 bǎ… tīchū chǎngwài ⑤ Botany 长出 zhǎngchū ‹leaves, roots› ⑥ (issue) 发出 fāchū ‹report, appeal, warning›; 发布 fābù ‹statement› ⑦ (extinguish) 扑灭 pūmiè ‹fire›; 吹灭 chuīmiè ‹candle›; 掐灭 qiāmiè ‹cigarette› ⑧ (switch off) 关掉 guāndiào ‹light, gas› ⑨ (cause to be wrong) 使…出错 shǐ… chūcuò ‹result, calculation›▸ that has put all my plans out 那使我的计划都泡汤了 ⑩ Business (subcontract) 把…承包出去 bǎ… chéngbāo chuqu ‹work, job›▸ we put a lot of our work out to freelancers 我们把许多活儿都承包给了自由职业者▸ to put sth out to tender 就某事招标 ⑪ (launch) 生产 shēngchǎn ‹product›B. transitive verb ① [put sb out, put out sb] (knock out) (with blow) 打晕 dǎyūn; (with drugs) 麻醉 mázuì▸ to put sb out for the count 把某人击倒在地上，等待从1倒数到10 ② (inconvenience) 给…带来不便 gěi… dàilái bùbiàn ③ (annoy) 惹恼 rěnǎo▸ to look/feel put out 看上去/感觉很烦 C. to put oneself out reflexive verb 特意 tèyì▸ please don't put yourself out! 不用麻烦！ bùyòng máfan ！▸ to put oneself out to do sth 特意做某事 tèyì zuò mǒu shì▸ to put oneself out on sb's account or for sb 特意为某人费事 tèyì wèi mǒu rén fèishì D. intransitive verb ① Nautical «ship, crew» 出海 chūhǎi▸ to put out to sea 出海 chūhǎi ② US vulgar slang (consent to sex) 同意发生性关系 tóngyì fāshēng xìngguānxì put over transitive verb = put across Aput through A. [put sth through, put through sth] transitive verb (implement successfully) 完成 wánchéng ‹scheme, plan, reform›; 达成 dáchéng ‹deal›B. [put sb/sth through, put through sb/sth] transitive verb Telecommunications 为…接通电话 wèi… jiētōng diànhuà▸ she put through a call from my husband 她接到我丈夫的一个电话▸ to put sb through to sb/sth; 把某人的电话接通到某人/某处▸ I was put through to the wrong department 我的电话被转错了部门 put together transitive verb [put sth together, put together sth] ① (assemble) 安装 ānzhuāng ‹machine, furniture, parts, pieces›▸ she's smarter than the rest of the family put together 她比家里其他人加起来还要聪明 ② (place together) 集中 jízhōng ‹animals, objects, people›▸ I put the DVDs together with the tapes 我把DVD和磁带放在了一起▸ to put one's hands together (for sb) （为某人）鼓掌 ③ (form) 组成 zǔchéng ‹partnership, team› ④ (compile, write, edit) 编制 biānzhì ‹file, anthology, leaflet›; 撰写 zhuànxiě ‹case, essay, application›; 制作 zhìzuò ‹programme› ⑤ (prepare) 烹制出 pēngzhì chū ‹meal›put up A. [put sth up, put up sth] transitive verb ① (raise) 升起 shēngqǐ ‹flag, sail›▸ to put up one's hair 把头发盘起来▸ to put one's hand up 举手▸ put 'em up! informal (to surrender) 举起手来！ (to fight) 握紧拳头！▸ she put up her collar 她翻起了领子▸ to put up an umbrella 打开伞 ② (build, erect) 盖起 gàiqǐ ‹memorial, shed, building›; 砌起 qìqǐ ‹fence›; 支起 zhīqǐ ‹tent›; 架起 jiàqǐ ‹aerial, radio mast, barrier› ③ (post up) 张贴 zhāngtiē▸ he had put up a notice on the board 他在板上贴了一个通告 ④ (increase) 提高 tígāo ‹price, temperature, level›; 增加 zēngjiā ‹pressure, total›▸ the government has put up income tax 政府调高了所得税 ⑤ (show, present) 发起 fāqǐ ‹resistance, struggle›▸ our side put up a good performance 我们这边表现相当不错▸ they surrendered without putting up much of a fight 他们没有激烈反抗就投降了 ⑥ Finance 提供 tígōng ‹money› ⑦ (present) 提出 tíchū ‹case, proposal, idea›▸ to put sth up for discussion/consideration 提出某事供讨论/考虑 ⑧ Aerospace 发射 fāshè ‹satellite, rocket, space station› ⑨ (offer) 拿出来 ná chulai [出售或拍卖]▸ to put sth up for sale/auction 拿某物出来卖/拍卖 B. [put sb up, put up sb] transitive verb ① (provide with accommodation) 为…提供食宿 wèi… tígōng shísù▸ to put sb up for the night 留某人过夜 ② (as candidate) 提名 tímíng▸ to put sb up for promotion 提名某人晋升 ③ informal (incite) to put sb up to a crime/stealing the money 怂恿某人犯罪/偷钱 sǒngyǒng mǒu rén fànzuì/tōu qián ④ (promote) 让…升级 ràng… shēngjí ‹pupil, team›▸ she was put up from set 2 to set 1 她被从二级提升到了一级 C. intransitive verb ① (stay) 过夜 guòyè▸ to put up with friends 住在朋友家里▸ to put up at a stranger's house 在陌生人家里过夜 ② (be candidate) 自荐 zìjiàn▸ to put up for the post of …/for the election 自荐出任…之职/参加选举 zìjiàn chūrèn… zhī zhí/cānjiā xuǎnjǔ▸ to put up or shut up informal 要么澄清自己，要么闭嘴▸ they called for the minister to either put up or shut up 他们要求那位部长要么澄清自己，要么就闭嘴 D. to put oneself up reflexive verb 自荐 zìjiàn▸ to put oneself up for the post of …/for election 自荐出任…之职/参加选举 zìjiàn chūrèn… zhī zhí/cānjiā xuǎnjǔ put up with transitive verb [put up with sb/sth] 容忍 róngrěn▸ how can you put up with that noise? 你怎么能忍受那种噪声？ 
